well howdy there internet people is Bo
again today we're gonna talk about
globalism I seek keep saying in the
comments section this is part of a
globalist agenda and it's always a
nationalist saying so we're going to
talk about globalism what it is and what
it means when people say it now if
you're dealing with somebody of the Nazi
ilk
and they say globalist what they mean is
you're Jew or you're supporting the
Jewish agenda okay really what it means
within that community kind of code word
and that's not most people who use the
term though that's a small a small
subset most people mean that you're part
of the new world order or you support it
or you don't understand it because it's
gonna bring about a global government
that's gonna have control over that
entire jurisdiction one government it's
gonna have this elite group of people up
at the top and they're gonna make
decisions for everybody and they're
gonna make whatever rules they want to
and if you don't abide by it you're
gonna have violence visited upon you
that sounds horrible that sounds
horrible
what's a nationalist the exact same
thing only on a smaller scale it is it's
the exact same thing I know somebody's
gonna say well no we got a
representative democracy do you your
senator represents you you really
believe that do you believe that those
people up on Capitol Hill
are truly your peers and their
representative of the public you don't
believe that any more than I do both of
them but globalism and nationalism it's
just a method of motivating people
through different means to kick down
instead of punching up
you're gonna be mad at the foreigner
who's now working in the factory in
Bangladesh because that factory used to
be in the US you're mad at them because
you're nationalists the other those
other people they took your job you're
not mad at the CEO that shipped it over
there huh and I'm mad at the senator who
took a bribe I mean campaign
contribution to help make it happen it's
a method to keeping you kicking down
keeping you in your place it's what it
is
I am neither I'm not a nationalist I am
NOT a globalist I think that there are
probably better ways to run the world
than entrusting the few to make
decisions for everybody just my my
opinion there there's some pretty smart
folks out there I think they can come up
with something better now so at the end
of the day when you get called this you
just need to remember all the
nationalist is is a low ambition
globalist somebody who can't fathom
taking control of the entire world they
just want it to be their little corner
of the world that's why all of the heads
of states you know people support them
and then they get up there and these
nationalists like well he's turned into
a globalist he's bought into the
globalist agenda of course he did
because it's all about power and once
you have reached the pinnacle of power
in your country well you want more where
you gonna get
you just being played and it's turned
into a buzzword and it's so funny to
watch people with identical ideologies
to the one they're criticizing use it as
an insult if you can give me a
difference between nationalism and
globalist I am all ears anyway just
about y'all have a good night